Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ Who can it be knocking
at my door? ♪
♪ Go 'way. ♪
♪ don't come 'round here
no more ♪
♪ Can't you see that
it's late at night? ♪
♪ I'm very tired and
I'm not feeling right ♪
Hi. Thank you.
Hey. I'm here.
Travis: I see you.
Turn around.
Turn around. right here.
Yeah. where?
Travis: The other way.
Where?
[laughs]
-There you are.
-Here I am.
I'll meet you halfway.
Is that a. is that
a euphemism?
[laughs]
[explosion]
[alarm wailing]
♪
Detective Burke.
Ah. Miss Welker. hi.
Appreciate you flying in
for this.
Yeah. I would fly in from Mars
to testify against Lewandowski.
You know. I spent eight months
of my life on that case.
I spent about as long prepping
for the trial.
I empathize.
It'll be good to be finally
bringing him to justice.
Agreed. We'll get you prepped
in my office.
Travis?
Huh.
Go ahead. I'll catch up.
What are you...
Oh. Miss Welker.
You're here to testify
in The Wolfman trial.
Yeah.
So are you still in... what's
the name of that little town?
Uh. Garrison.
Yeah. still there.
And you're not bored
to tears?
No.
Not even a little bit.
How long are you
in town for?
I'm just here to testify.
Right.
Well. it's nice to see you.
Travis.
You too. Kate.
-Miss Welker.
-Mmmhmm.
Bye.
I know everything you can know
about The Wolfman case.
and I swear Agent Coulson
wasn't involved.
No. No. she wasn't.
She used to be my wife.
♪
Synchronicity means
"simultaneous events".
But the mystery writer
George Simenon.
he chose to go with Carl Jung's
interpretation.
which means "events
connected by deep meaning."
And as you know because
you've read this wonderful novel
over the weekend. that
Simenon's detective Maigret.
that's what he's searching for
meaningful connections. right?
Because that's how he solves
the crimes.
Okay. so let's read a little
bit. shall we?
Open your books please.
Okay. guys.
So next class I expect
your opinion papers
on the synchronicity
in Maigret's patients. okay?
All right. Thank you.
Have a good day.
[students chattering]
Hey. Sorry I was late.
There's a first time
for everything. right?
I was on the phone with Claire.
Yeah? Is she still in Hawaii?
She is.
Did she take the job?
She agreed to be
the newest detective
at the Honolulu
Police Department.
I'm sorry. Bud.
No. it's fine. really.
I'm... I'm happy for her.
No. I know. I know
you are.
But I got a plane ticket for
the next break to visit her.
and I am committed to finishing
up my PhD here at Elmstead.
You know the very essence
of romance is uncertainty.
Oscar Wilde.
That's my TA.
[laughs]
I'll see you.
-Bye.
♪
Professor Winslow.
President Rivers.
How are you?
Good.
On your way to
the alumni function?
I am.
Do you have a moment?
Sure.
I'm in a bit of a bind.
Professor Higby's been
in a skiing accident.
Oh. is he okay?
Some broken bones.
He'll be all right.
But the issue is. he's gone for
the remainder of the semester.
I'm hoping that you might
help me out.
You want me to take over
the Search Committee
for the new Dean
of Students?
Yes. How did you...
Well. Higby teaches biology.
so I just figured
you wouldn't want me
filling in on his classes.
It's just the logical
conclusion.
I knew I was making
the right choice.
Look. I'm more than happy
to help.
But just in full disclosure.
Professor Felton and I
are friends
and I know she's a candidate.
so...
I realize that you and Tabby
are close.
But I trust your sterling logic
will supersede any
personal alliances.
Thank you. Amy.
I'll have all the candidate
files delivered to your office.
-Bye.
[sighs]
So by globalizing
our product line.
we're able to expand
our brand.
and to be able to distribute
that tax burden
in each and every one of those
seven different countries
across the world.
Excuse me Larry. could I borrow
Professor Winslow for a moment?
Of course.
Larry. we'll chat
more about that.
I'll see you later.
Amy: Oh. thank you.
He was talking my ear off
for 20 minutes
about merger arbitrage
and global macro-investments.
Ugh.
I hear you.
But a hedge fund manager
is a very nice alumni to have
when you're thinking
about the endowment.
That is true.
Oh. speaking of university
business.
did you hear about Professor
Higby's skiing accident?
Yeah. poor guy.
I'm glad he's going to be
okay though.
Yeah. me too.
And also I wanted to tell you
that President Rivers
asked me to be the new Chair
for the Search Committee
for the Dean of Students.
I see.
But I just want you
to know also
that I have told her that
we're friends. and that...
That you would also be
brilliantly impartial
while you're considering me
along with the other candidates.
She said as much. yeah.
Good. Because I want that job.
Amy. but I want to earn it.
There she is.
[laughs]
Sorry. My lecture ran over.
No worries.
Hey Amy.
Hey Joe.
Would you ladies
like a drink?
No. I'm fine. thank you.
Sure. The usual?
You got it.
The usual. huh?
You guys have been seeing a lot
of each other.
Well. as much as can be expected
with two full-time schedules.
But yes. I guess it's...
I guess.
[laughs]
Here you are.
And unfortunately
the physics department
entire computer network
just crashed. so...
You gotta go. Joe?
I gotta go.
But I'll hurry back.
Sorry for the PDA.
You're forgiven.
-Bye Joe.
-Bye.
[laughs]
Aww. You guys are cute.
Speaking of cute. what about
that detective friend of yours
that you help consult sometimes?
Travis? Oh. he's. he's good.
Oh. that smile tells me there
is more to this story.
[laughs]
Alright. We had dinner.
There might've been a kiss.
[gasps]
PDA?
Not that public.
Oh. Well. I heartily approve.
[laughs]
You and I have given up so much
for our professions.
About time we get some
personal rewards.
True.
So. what's been going on
since last week?
Well. you know. with
the upcoming break
this place has been nuts.
And then Travis had to go to
Chicago to testify for a case.
Two full-time schedules.
I get it.
But you do plan to see him
when he gets back?
Well. I...
[phone rings]
Oh. sorry.
Ah. look at that.
Oh. impressive timing.
-I got to take this.
-Most definitely.
I'll be right back.
Hello there.
[laughs]
Hello yourself.
How's the windy city?
It's intense.
We've been prepping for hours.
Have you testified yet?
I'm heading to the courthouse
right now.
Amy: Have you heard from Claire?
Yeah.
I mean. it was an opportunity
she couldn't pass up.
It's Hawaii.
How's Bud taking it?
Oh. he's fine.
He's already booked
his plane tickets.
But I guess you're going to be
needing a new partner. huh?
You ready to give up teaching?
No. Well unfortunately I've been
roped into being
the Chair for the Search
Committee
for the new Dean
of Students.
so I will not be able to enter
the police academy.
Yeah well.
that's my loss.
I will be back tomorrow night.
Um. you want to meet
for dinner?
Uh... Yeah. I would like that.
Good. good. I'll text you
the details.
Okay.
-Bye.
♪
Detective Burke.
Thank you for being here.
You were the investigating
officer in four murders.
all attributed to a serial
killer known as The Wolfman.
Where'd he get that name?
Well. as I studied the murders.
I realized the one thing
that connected them.
They were all killed
on full moon nights.
Turns out that the killer was
obsessed with Greek mythology.
and he was making blood
sacrifices to Artemis.
the goddess of the moon.
So. April 29. 2018.
Can you tell us who you arrested
that night?
The defendant.
Jeffrey Lewandowski.
Walk us through that.
if you would.
Sure.
My partner and I had a hunch who
the next victim was going to be.
See. we started making
this observation
of patterns of chaos.
All the victims.
leading up to the night
that they were murdered...
And. with all that evidence.
we arrested him not just
for the two murders.
but also for the ones in
Milwaukee and Gary. Indiana.
Thank you. Detective.
Your witness. Miss Bianco.
Detective.
Hmm.
You no longer work for the
Chicago Police Department.
Why?
Objection. Relevance.
I'll allow it.
Uh. to be honest.
my marriage was ending
and I needed a fresh start
in a new place.
But since you mention
my employment.
Miss Bianco. then allow me
to mention the fact
that I'm currently
the lead detective
of the Garrison
Police Department
in Washington State.
where I hold the record.
I've closed 100 percent
of my cases.
Ooh.
Either a burglar has decided
to cook me dinner.
or I've got the best daughter
in the world.
You can decide that
after you taste
my version of your
marinara sauce.
I can't wait.
-Dad.
-Yeah.
How'd the book tour go?
Well. readers are happy.
and publisher's happy.
So I'm happy.
Amy: Good.
Yeah.
So. I... I saw your
Uncle Alistar.
and he gave me this
from his trip to Edinburgh.
What is it?
It's called a salt pig.
Why do they call it a pig?
I have no idea.
But I hope you like it.
because here's one for you.
[laughs]
Okay.
Oh. Uncle Alistar.
How is he?
Ah. you know.
He's... fine.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well. maybe it's my ego.
but he...
he came to my book reading
and he left halfway through.
Really?
Yeah. He apologized.
Said it was an emergency
with work.
Well. maybe just give him a few
days and give him a call.
Yeah. Good idea.
[clears throat]
So?
What?
You talked to Travis?
[laughs]
-Yes.
-Yeah.
I talked to Travis. and he was
getting ready to testify.
so he's coming home tomorrow.
You seem pretty happy
about that.
Well. guilty as charged.
♪
[sighs]
You gotta be kidding me.
Madam Chairwoman.
Already hard at it. I see.
Indeed I am.
My office is putting together
a schedule of interviews for you
with the candidates.
Most of them will be via Zoom.
of course.
Sure.
But here's the challenge.
Oh. no.
The Board would like to make
an offer to our choice
on the first Monday
of the break.
That's in like. six days?
I realize that.
Okay. but I haven't even met
with the committee yet.
That's set for tomorrow
at 7:00 AM.
Oh.
I wish you would've told me
this yesterday.
I just got the edict handed
to me this morning.
I'm under pressure here. Amy.
And I'm sorry to put it on you.
but honestly I can't think
of anyone on the faculty
who could better handle it.
I know what you're doing here.
I can't say no. can I?
No. you can't.
And thank you.
You're welcome.
♪
[phone rings]
Hey. How'd it go?
Well. I'm pretty confident
that The Wolfman's going
away for good.
Amy: Oh. that's great.
[knocking at door]
Yeah. anyway. uh...
Hello. hello Travis?
Did I lose you?
Uh. no. no.
I'm going to have
to call you back.
Amy: Is everything okay?
Yeah. yeah.
We'll talk soon.
Okay. Talk soon.
[sighs]
I remember that look.
What's wrong?
The Wolfman escaped.
♪
Knock. knock.
Hey. Joe.
Hey. After that crash yesterday
I'm installing antivirus
software on all the hardware.
Got a moment?
Yeah sure.
Come on in.
I'm just using an old-fashioned
pen and paper.
[laughs]
Let me get out of your way.
Oh. you're busy.
Yeah. tell me about it.
[sighs]
Hey. you know Joe. I wanted
to just tell you
I'm really glad to see Tabby
so happy.
Me too.
You know. I've been running IT
at Elmstead
for almost five years now.
and for whatever reason.
Tabby and I only had our first
conversation two months ago.
Really?
Timing.
Is everything.
Apparently. it was the right
timing for you both.
Hey. all set.
That's it?
That's it.
Okay.
Oh. did you not get one of
the new laptops?
What are you talking about?
Well. we just got a new shipment
come in.
Oh. well that thing's
a dinosaur.
Do you want me to get you
a new one?
Can you live without it
for a couple of days?
Yeah. sure. Thank you.
Okay.
Well. we'll see you later.
Okay. bye Joe.
Kate: There was a flood
in the men's room.
so the guard let Lewandowski
use this accessible room alone.
Well. the guard could hear him
singing through the door.
So after about five minutes.
guard knocked. time's up.
the sound didn't stop.
Same song. over
and over again.
So he gave it about
a minute or two
before he realized.
this isn't right.
Then he went in.
Forensics hasn't been in yet.
The recording came
from this cellphone.
It belongs to Eva Bianco.
Lewandowski's lawyer.
She says he lifted it from her
right before he came in.
He knew her passcode?
Yeah. he could've easily
seen her type it in.
She defends the bad guys. Trav.
She's not one of them.
So what. he... he records
the first verse of a song
and just plays it back
on a loop?
Mm-hmm.
He escaped through
that air duct.
Sometimes it pays
to be small.
By the time they locked down
the building he was gone.
but he did leave
that message.
Yeah. I noticed that.
Is Eva Bianco missing
a tube of lipstick too?
Mm-hmm.
Look. I know he's got
a long list of enemies.
Yeah. which you think
I'm at the top of it.
One hundred percent.
I think you should stay here.
we can protect you.
I will be uh...
No. I'll be plenty safe
in Garrison.
Plus I gotta get back to work.
Still all about work?
Yeah. I guess so.
[message notification alert]
♪
Hey. I'm here.
I see you.
What?
Travis: Turn around.
Yeah. where?
Travis: The other way.
Where?
[laughs]
-Oh. there you are.
-Here I am.
I'll meet you halfway.
Is that a. is that
a euphemism?
[both laugh]
[explosion]
[alarm wailing]
Travis!
[screaming]
Help! Help!!!
eet.
Hurry.
Is he okay?
Yeah. he has a pulse.
Well. thank goodness.
Help is on the way.
Thank you.
Let's hope the Goffs
weren't in the house.
Travis.
[inaudible whispering]
What? What?
Keep your head still.
[emergency vehicles approaching]
He's likely concussed.
He'll need tests to see
if there are other injuries.
Okay. I'm coming with him.
You're staying here.
This is a crime scene
and you're a witness.
I need to get your statement.
Awkward time to tell you I was
promoted to detective.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
Travis.
[sirens wailing]
[crying]
I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's understandable.
I know how close you guys are.
But he is going to be okay.
okay?
Oh. I have his coat.
Oh. it's fine.
You can bring it to him
when you go to the hospital.
But I am going to need
to ask you some questions.
Yeah. yeah. of course.
Do you mind if I just make a
quick phone call to my father?
Of course.
Just meet me over by my car.
Okay.
[phone buzzes]
Hey hon.
Hey Dad.
Travis is on his way
to the hospital.
What?!
Um. there's been an explosion
and they think he has
a concussion.
Are you okay?
[tearfully]
Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
They just have to take
my statement.
so can you just
meet him there?
I'm on my way.
I love you.
Love you too. kiddo.
My dad's going to meet Travis
at the hospital.
Mmm.
He really loves him.
What's not to love?
I'm grateful to be
his new partner.
So. why don't you walk me
through what happened?
Okay. Uh. from what
I can recall.
um. we were on the phone
with each other.
walking towards each other.
And then the explosion happened.
and then when I looked up
he was on the ground.
so I ran over to him.
First thing I did was check
his pulse.
Of course. he had one.
And then. um. and then...
That man there. the neighbor.
he came over.
Bill Breyer.
He called 911.
Right. right.
And. um. and then Travis...
Um. woke up.
Did you see anyone around
the house before the explosion?
No. no. It was dark.
[radio crackles]
Detective. the Goffs are here.
That's the owners.
Why don't you walk with me?
Okay.
Mr. Goff: Yeah.
we were at dinner...
Thank you.
...and when we came home
we saw the tape.
Mr. and Mrs. Goff?
I'm Detective Valdez.
This is Amy Winslow.
She witnessed the explosion.
What happened?
We don't know yet. sir.
The firefighters
are still working.
Can you tell me where
you've been?
Yeah. Chez Jacques.
for dinner.
Where an idiot ran right
into us.
We had to wait for
the police to come.
It took them forever.
Huh.
Well. I would thank the cop
that wrote you up
and the person that hit you.
What do you mean?
I mean Chez Jacques is only
30 minutes from here.
If you hadn't had that accident.
you would've been inside
the house during the explosion.
Oh. my god.
She's right.
[sighs]
Do you mind if I take off
to the hospital?
Yeah. sure.
I'll meet you there.
Thank you.
♪
PA: Dr. Peterson to oncology.
Dr. Peterson to oncology.
Hey honey. hi.
Hey Dad.
-Hi.
-Any word?
-Nothing yet. not yet.
They have him in that
observation room.
They're running
some tests now.
-Okay.
-Yep.
All right.
Well. because they said it was
probably just a concussion.
I'm... I'm sure
that's all it is.
-Yeah.
[phone rings]
Oh. um. I have Travis's phone.
Wait a minute. that's a Chicago
area code.
I think you should answer it.
It's probably a family member.
No. Dad. I'm not going
to answer his phone.
No. honey. answer the phone!
No. no. answer it.
Hello?
Who's this?
Uh. this is Amy Winslow.
I have Travis's phone.
Can I talk to him?
Um. who is this?
Special Agent Kate Coulson.
Chicago field office of the FBI.
I wanted to make sure he made it
home safely.
Um... Well. he was just in a bit
of an accident.
What kind of accident?
There was an explosion
and he was nearby.
Anyway. I'm here at the hospital
right now waiting on him.
H-hello?
Are you a cop?
No. I'm. um... a friend.
Okay. can you please ask him
to call me as soon as he can?
Sure. Sure. Do you
want me to...
Hello? Hello?
Who was it?
It's an FBI agent.
Kate Coulson.
Hmm.
What?
Oh. it's...
Did Travis ever mention to you
what his ex-wife did?
Um. she's... in the FBI.
Yeah. Did he also mention
that her name was Kate?
-No.
-Her name is Kate.
-Mr. Winslow?
-Yeah. yeah?
-You can come back now.
-Okay. Good.
Yeah. Oh. sure.
Hey. I'm okay.
Hey.
Hey. Graham.
Hi.
I just... called my Dad.
I was worried.
Yeah. I was worried too.
Of course. Graham.
I'm glad to see you.
They're releasing you?
Yeah.
The doctor said that my CT scan
was clear. so I'm good to go.
I see you have my jacket.
I was wondering where that was.
Is my phone in here?
It is. It is in there.
And it went off
and I answered it.
I just thought it might have
been a family member.
That's okay.
But it was Special Agent
Kate Coulson?
Do you mind if I call her back
real quick?
Yeah. yeah. sure.
Go ahead.
It's an active situation.
Hang on. hang on.
Hi.
Kate. yep. it's me.
No. I'm okay. I'm okay.
Yeah. it was an explosion.
It just. we're investigating
it now.
See Kate. I think that you're
jumping to conclusions.
I don't think that we have
enough infor...
Okay. Kate. I am.
Yeah. but I just don't
think we have...
Okay. okay. I understand.
I will act accordingly.
Sure.
What was that about?
Uh...
[clears throat]
Agent Coulson doesn't think
that the explosion
was an accident.
The Wolfman escaped police
custody this morning
and he left a message that he
was going to make someone pay.
Someone... like you?
Yeah. me.
Well...
Thank you for the lift.
nurse.
Don't let us see you back
here anytime soon. now.
I won't. I promise.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
You okay?
Yeah. a little headache.
but I'm good.
Travis.
Hey partner.
Hey.
They released you?
Yeah. I'm lucky.
Just a mild concussion.
Maria Valdez. this is
Graham Winslow.
Graham. this is my new
partner. Maria.
Hi.
Wow. It's an honor.
I'm just going to say
this right here.
The "Waving Flame" is the best
Atticus Keller book yet.
Very kind.
I'm not trying to be kind.
just telling it like it is.
So. the fire department
investigator says
it wasn't a gas leak.
Okay.
So no devices were found.
Negative.
Are you going to tell Maria
about The Wolfman?
What. your serial killer?
Yeah...
Yeah. he escaped from
the courthouse this morning
and now the FBI thinks
he's after Travis.
Yeah. and they think that guy
might be the one who's behind
the explosion.
It... it's a theory.
It's just a theory.
But if that theory is right.
then that means you were
the target.
You can't go home.
You can stay at my place.
What? Dad. no.
You can't put yourself in
the sights of a serial killer.
You know. she's actually right.
Graham. it's not a great idea.
I'll tell you what.
Can you drive me
to the Garrison Inn.
I'll explain everything
on the way?
Yeah. I'll go grab my car.
Thanks.
I like your new partner.
Well you know I only work
with Graham Winslow fans.
[laughs]
Okay. all right. all right.
You be safe.
Thank you for coming tonight.
Yeah. yeah. of course.
I'll see you later. honey.
-Bye Dad.
-Bye.
Hey. Are you okay?
No. I'm not. Travis.
I'm scared.
You know. you almost got
blown up and then you come here
and everything's great.
you're going to be fine.
and now I find out a serial
killer's after you?
What am I supposed...
Hey.
I'm going to be okay.
I'm safe. We're taking
precautions.
If this guy is after you.
then I want to be included
in the investigation.
Do I need to give you the stay
out of harm's way speech again?
I'm the one that told you
to be careful.
I think I'm going to have
to give you the speech.
You need to let me
help you.
Understood.
Your ride's here.
Yep.
All right. I'm going
to call you tomorrow.
We'll work it out. Okay?
-Get some sleep.
-Alright.
♪
And I know we're now working
under a ticking clock.
but I wanted to reassure you all
that I have had a chance
to go through
the candidate files yesterday
and I have a strong grasp
on where we stand.
But before I actually go
and interview the candidates.
I'd like to hear your top-line
thoughts on each.
if it's okay.
Let's start with Jordan Avery.
♪
-Hey.
Uh... Why don't you guys
go get some coffee. huh?
I'm going to check things out.
Scene of the crime.
Yeah.
Ugh. How are you feeling?
How's the... Garrison Inn?
I almost didn't get a room.
Apparently the town's
full of birdwatchers.
Oh yeah. it's that time of year.
huh?
Yeah.
Did you get any sleep?
Eventually. yeah.
Just woke up with a screaming
headache at 3:00 AM.
and just laid in a dark room.
Why don't you just go back
to the hotel and lie down?
Doctor said I was going
to have headaches.
And I need to check
this place out.
All right. Any word
on The Wolfman?
He's still in the wind.
Oh. great.
Come here. I want you to meet
the fire marshal.
Yeah.
-Hey.
-Detective.
Alberto. thank you
for meeting me here.
We haven't met.
Alberto Ortiz. Fire Marshal.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Amy Winslow.
Professor Winslow is a
consultant for the case.
She's got a keen sense about...
Oh. Travis. what's he doing?
Hello. sir?
What are you doing?
Just curious to see the damage.
You didn't see the tape?
Hello again.
Oh. hi there.
Hi.
You know this guy?
Well. this is...
Bill Breyer.
Bill.
The one who called 911 for you.
Glad to see you up and around.
Well thank you
for calling 911.
but what is your relationship
with the Goffs?
Why are you just walking
up there?
No comment.
What?
Sir. you can't "no comment"
the police.
Well. with all due respect.
Detective.
As the Supreme Court
ruled in Hiibel v. Nevada.
all I have to do
is give you my name.
I'm smelling a defense attorney.
Are you a defense attorney?
Retired.
Hmm. so you still like to give
cops a hard time. huh?
Forgive me.
Old habits.
As I told your partner
last night.
the Goffs are good people
and it's terrible what happened
to them. and...
Please let me know if
I can be of any help.
I'll tell you. there's one thing
you can do for me.
Get out of there.
♪
Here. Careful.
Oh...
Oh wow.
This is awful.
Alberto: The explosion came
from here.
Okay.
- Hey. Travis?
-Yeah?
Did the Goffs ever mention they
had a son in any of the records?
No. No. they didn't.
So. with pellet stoves.
sometimes if you don't
clean them
the residue and the smoke
can create a small explosion.
But this isn't a small
explosion.
No.
And also the burn pattern
comes from here.
Alberto: Which doesn't
make sense.
I'm going to need to run
some tests.
Travis: All right.
Did you think that stove.
did it heat the whole house?
Alberto: They supplement
with natural gas.
but there are no ducts
in this room.
Travis: A furnace?
Alberto: Utility room.
Travis: Show me.
Alberto: This way.
Hey Travis?
What are you seeing. Amy?
Look. where the paper
is peeling.
Are you talking about the fact
that this drywall
is two different colors?
Mm-hmm.
Green's moisture resistant.
I just don't understand why you
would only put that in one spot.
Alberto: They ran out of
the other kind?
I don't know. do you have a...
Alberto: Be my guest.
but there's no way the explosion
came from in there.
No. I know that.
Hey Amy. can you step back
for a second?
What are you hoping to find?
I'll tell you in a minute.
[pounding]
Travis: Good work. Sherlock.
So. from what I know about
carbon dating.
shouldn't you be able to tell
how old the body was
at the time of death and when
that death took place?
Thank you.
Yep. that's correct.
And we're also going to do a DNA
and dental records
and run them through CODIS
and maybe we get lucky
and our victim's in
the federal database.
Alberto. how much time do
you need to get the results
for your tests?
Give me a few hours.
Yeah? Good.
I don't want to talk
to the Goffs
until we get the results back
on both fronts.
I'm going to go back
to the office.
I'm going to run records and
a background check on the Goffs
and on their nosy neighbor.
Mr. Breyer.
I'll stay here and wait
for detail.
Sounds good. buddy.
You want to stick with me?
Yeah. you know what
this reminds me of?
What?
Edgar Allan Poe's
"Murders in the Rue Morgue."
Did Edgar Allan Poe write about
sticking a body in a wall?
Up a chimney.
Oh. wait a minute.
Hold on a minute.
Claire told me this story
the day I met you.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Remember who the killer was?
No.
But I remember meeting you.
[laughs]
Okay. you get extra credit
for that.
No. the... the murderer
was an orangutang.
That's right.
He hid the body for fear
he'd be punished.
Well. I bet you any money
that our killer did what they
did for the same reason.
Hmm.
All right. so the Goffs
don't have a record.
and looks like Bill Breyer
got his first Washington State
driver's license last year.
I wonder where he was
before that.
Chicago.
I searched William Breyer.
[laughs]
It says here that he worked
at a law firm
called Lampert and Burnham
for 20 years.
Wait. what?
What?
Eva Bianco. Lewandowski's
lawyer. The Wolfman.
she works at Lampert
and Burnham.
I gotta call Special Agent
Coulson.
[whispers]
Synchronicity.
Huh.
Yeah. I'll hold.
What is synchronicity.
is that like a...
a series of coincidences.
Well. sort of.
Not really.
It's... it's more about timing.
For instance. you know.
you getting almost blown up
by an explosion. practically
next door to the lawyer
who might've worked with
The Wolfman's attorney.
I mean it's...
it's fascinating.
It's a voicemail.
Hey. this is Travis. uh. Burke.
Call me back when you get this.
Thanks. bye.
Hmm.
Speaking of Agent Coulson...
I know that you said that
your ex-wife was an FBI agent.
and well. my dad said that
her name was Kate. so...
[knocking]
CODIS is back up. so we're
still waiting on DNA and dental.
but Alberto has news.
That table near the pellet stove
had mercury fulminate on it.
Totally harmless until
it's triggered by a shock.
Like an explosion
from a pellet stove.
Wait a minute. what was mercury
fulminate doing in the house?
[sighs heavily]
Let's go ask the Goffs.
♪
We're so glad you're all right.
Detective.
Thank you. thank you.
And how are you guys doing?
Well I mean. unsettled.
But glad we have a roof
over our heads.
I think we got the last
available room.
and I think every other guest
is a birder.
Yeah. it's the season for it.
Uh. this is Alberto.
He's the fire marshal.
He's going to tell you
how your house blew up.
So it started with a small
explosion in the pellet stove.
which can happen when
those aren't cleaned
on a regular basis.
But that should've been
contained by the stove.
It was. but I believe the shock
triggered a chemical
you had on the table.
That's mercury fulminate.
Can you explain what
that was doing there?
I teach science
at Garrison High.
When I order supplies
for my science class.
I have them sent to my home
for safety.
I... I must have left the
mercury fulminate on the table.
Look folks. seems like a case
of bad timing.
I'm writing this up
as an accident.
but Detective Burke
has something else
to discuss with you.
Okay. thanks Alberto.
Um. can you folks confirm for
me when you bought the house.
About 10 years ago?
10 years ago.
Why?
Um well. because...
Well. we found this in the wall
near the stove.
Mummified remains. yes.
In our house?
Yes.
This is horrible.
Did you do any refurbishing
in that room?
Um. no.
None.
Do you remember who you bought
the house from?
Uh. I honestly can't remember
their names.
We never met.
But you could check
the real estate records
in our filing cabinet.
You mean this filing cabinet?
How about the realtor?
You know that name?
Uh. Nick Groombridge?
I know Nick.
He sold me my house.
He retired about a year ago.
moved to San Diego.
Okay. good.
Um. well then we'll check
the county records. all right?
Thank you both.
You going to stay here
and take a rest?
I'm actually feeling
pretty good.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
You know what would make me
feel better?
What?
Linguini and clams
at Torcolettis.
Oh. okay. okay.
All right. Let me do
this paperwork
and then I'll meet you there.
I'm not going to blame it
on the concussion. but...
I rode with you?
Oh.
So then why don't
you come with me.
help me with the paperwork...
Ahh.
No. no. no.
I see what you're doing there.
but I like the paperwork.
You like it?
-Yeah.
-Here.
[laughs]
And... boom!
Too soon. Travis.
It's too soon for boom?
Yes.
Looking good.
Amy. I'm talking about
your board.
Your board looks good.
[laughs]
Okay.
I can tell you're hungry.
Let's go get you some
linguini and clams.
Yes. I would like that
very. very much.
One condition. we don't
talk about that.
No. Mm-mm.
Maria: Travis?
Yeah?
You have a visitor.
Hi. hi...
Hi.
Uh... Um...
Uh... Professor Amy Winslow.
Uh...
Special Agent Kate Coulson.
but I got paper towels.
Oh. perfect.
Thank you.
So it looks like the explosion
was a freak accident.
So while I appreciate
the gesture.
you didn't really need
to come out here. Kate.
Thank you. I respectfully
disagree.
Lewandowski's still in the wind.
and I am looking at his
number one target.
And I want to talk
to this Bill Breyer guy.
I don't. I don't
like coincidences.
Mm. Professor Winslow and I
were just talking about
synchronicity.
Ah. the great Carl Jung.
You're a fan?
Uh. yeah.
Jungian archetypes are good
for profiling.
Are you a psych professor?
Literature.
Yeah. Professor Winslow
specializes in crime fiction.
And you brought her in.
Mm-hmm.
Why is that a surprise?
Because he hates crime fiction.
Uh. you know. things change.
For the record. I am a huge fan
of consultants.
We use them a lot at the bureau.
I just have never heard of using
a literature professor.
But I guess things change.
So. let's talk about
the serial killer
who wants to make you pay.
and how we are going to use you
to catch him.
Me? I'm bait?
I'm sorry. bait?
It's a full moon tomorrow.
which as you know is our window
of opportunity to get this guy.
So we have to lay out
a situation
where he is tempted
to strike.
You mean. where he's tempted
to kill Travis.
Amy. we've done this before.
So what you do. is you... you
set somebody on a target out.
it's easy for the killer
to get to and... tcch.
Yes.
No. no!
You have a concussion.
You just got out
of the hospital.
I mean. is there no other way?
He can't put himself in danger.
There's minimal danger.
The advantage of where
you guys live
is that we can locate
a remote cabin.
we can put officers there
earlier in the day
so that when Travis goes.
we are fortified
to both draw Lewandowski in
and to get him.
Okay. that all sounds
very dangerous.
Amy. Kate's right.
She's right. look.
We have this window. all right?
If that window closes we have to
wait until the next full moon.
So it's. it's okay.
-It's going to be okay
-Okay.
-I promise.
-All right?
All right.
Okay. All right. how far away
is New Windsor?
Mm. what do you say?
-Like. two hours?
-Couple hours.
It's a two-hour drive. why?
Oh. Because there are
no hotels available in Garrison.
Apparently. there's a
birdwatcher invasion.
It's a long drive.
I'd better get going.
It's very nice to meet you.
You too.
I'll call you both
with details.
Okay.
Have a safe drive.
Hey. Kate?
Yeah?
You know. I have a spare room.
Save you the drive.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Yeah. we can discuss...
crime fiction.
[laughs]
Thank you. that'd be great.
Okay. I'll just grab my coat.
Thank you.
Good night.
Detective Burke.
Night. Trav.
Have fun. ladies.
♪
Come on in.
Welcome to my humble abode.
Every time I leave the city
and walk into a real home.
I consider never going back.
[laughs]
Graham Winslow?
Oh yeah. that's my dad.
Wow.
[laughs]
I remember trying
to convince Travis
to read the first
Atticus Keller novel.
No dice.
Now he's a crime fiction fan?
What was your secret?
Well. I guess I just never tried
to convince him.
[laughs]
I'll show you to your room.
I hope this is okay.
I am grateful to
the birdwatchers.
This beats a four-star hotel.
Oh. well I guess you probably
haven't gotten a lot of sleep
in the last few days. so...
I'll let you get some.
Thanks.
You know Travis and I
were married. right?
Uh... Yeah.
I knew that.
And you two...
We're not married.
[laughs]
Humor is a great way
to dodge questions.
Well. so is saying goodnight.
Sleep well.
Goodnight.
♪
Hey uh. you've met Mr. Breyer.
Do you want to lead
the questioning
and I'll be the strong
silent FBI agent?
Whose mere presence
will intimidate him
into confessing that
he's been secretly
conspiring with The Wolfman
for months?
[knocking]
You sound skeptical.
What would your consultant say
about you questioning
the great Carl Jung?
For the record. she is
not my consultant.
She is a consultant.
[knocking]
Right.
Well. for the record I like her.
Yeah?
And her use of Jungian theory.
That's good.
So you had. you had a good time
at her place?
Yeah.
Yeah. we stayed up until 2:00
AM talking about you.
[knocking]
See. now I know you're kidding.
You know that?
How do you know that?
Alright. you realize
that you're taunting
a recently concussed person.
right?
You can take it. tough guy.
[knocking]
I do not think
this lawyer's here.
No. I think you're right.
Um. why don't we head back
to the station?
We'll work on the wolf trap.
Good.
Well. there's no way
that Lewandowski
could've scouted
this cabin in advance.
And it's remote enough that
we hope he'll want to strike.
Yeah. yeah.
Hey. what do you got?
Okay.
So I got the real estate records
for 19 Sawcross Lane.
The Goffs bought their house
from David and Darren Ellis.
Are these guys brothers?
Mm-hmm. Twins.
But the property was originally
deeded to their mother.
Judy Ellis 16 years ago
at the time of her death.
Could I see that.
Uh. yeah.
Thanks.
So they live in Mountainview
Condos.
That's where Bud lives.
Maybe he knows them.
Maybe.
Oh. and we got the medical
examiner results from our mummy.
Cause of death was several blows
to the head from the front.
So she saw who killed her.
And there was tissue
under the fingernails.
Good.
Sent the samples to CODIS
for a DNA match on that.
but here's the thing.
Carbon dating says she was 52 at
the time of death 16 years ago.
That's when the Ellis twins'
mother died
and they got the house.
We need to talk to those twins.
16 years ago. about 28..
Yeah.
52 wouldn't be a good age
for Judy Ellis.
You know. we got to find out
how she died.
when she died. everything
we can find out. yeah?
I can get on that.
But meanwhile. shouldn't you
be heading up to the cabin?
Oh...
[sighs]
The time is now.
All right.
I got my backpack packed.
and look at this.
Care of Graham Winslow?
I've got a little reading
material.
[laughs]
Hey.
I hate to ask you
one more time.
but are you sure this is
110 percent safe?
Amy. There are four
plainclothes police officers.
yeah. taking shifts all night.
It's safe.
Kate. are you not going
with him?
If The Wolfman
is surveilling him.
we need Travis to go alone.
I caught this guy once before.
remember?
-I'll see you tomorrow.
-Bye.
♪
Can't sleep?
Mm-mm.
When Travis and I were together
and he'd be out all night
on a case.
I would do exactly
what you're doing.
Well I mean. Travis and I
aren't...
[sighs]
Actually. I don't know
what we are.
But you care about him.
Very much.
Okay. I will tell you something
I suspect you already know.
The job can be dangerous.
But Travis knows
how to handle himself.
Try to get some sleep.
Thanks.
-Goodnight.
♪
-Morning.
I took the liberty
to make breakfast.
Wow.
Ah. smells so good.
It's just a frittata.
Where is the salt?
Uh. it's right there.
Listen. I want to apologize
for last night.
For what?
Prying in your relationship
with Travis.
Oh. no worries.
I predicted that city boy
wouldn't last a month
in a place like this.
But here he is.
[laughs]
Never underestimate him.
This looks amazing.
thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Amy. I want to be clear
about something.
I care about Travis.
But not like I used to.
That chapter closed
a while ago.
But I do want to see him happy.
That being said.
if there's not something going
on between you two.
I could see how there
could be.
[laughs quietly]
[phone rings]
Oh.
Speak of the devil.
Hey. you're on speakerphone
with me and Amy.
Got anything?
Nothing.
I don't get it.
Full moon. me looking all alone.
Do you think that maybe
he was onto the presence
of the other cops?
No. not possible.
Okay. So maybe he's not here.
Or maybe we have to wait
for another full moon.
[sighs]
Oh. I got a call back
from Bill Breyer.
He's free to talk this morning.
Okay.
At least he's safe.
♪
So I want to apologize.
I wasn't completely honest
with you the other day
when you asked about my
relationship with the Goffs.
Okay?
A couple of months ago I made
an offer on their house
and they rejected it.
You wanted to buy the house that
you lived down the street from?
I wanted to help them out.
They'd gone through
a terrible ordeal.
Did it have anything to do
with their son?
Yes.
How did you know?
Um. well. I... when I was
in the Goff's house
I just happened to see
a photo of a boy
growing into a teenager.
It was actually that boy there.
I think that was the same photo.
Terry. Great kid.
Wanted to be a lawyer.
Bill: So we got to be pals.
And what happened?
ALS.
Mel and Rita did everything
they could for him.
Spared no expense.
When did he die?
Five months ago.
Afterward. I made the offer on
the house and they got upset.
Hmm.
I'm sorry about your loss.
Did you happen to know
the previous owners
of that house.
by any chance?
Judy Ellis or her boys?
She had twins.
Darren and David?
I only moved here a little over
a year ago.
Yeah. from Chicago. right?
Yeah. How did you...
Eva Bianco from Lampert
and Burnham.
When was the last time
you talked to her?
What's going on here?
This isn't about the house.
No sir. It's about
Jeffrey Lewandowski.
The serial killer?
Mm-hmm.
I... I saw the news.
He escaped.
Eva was his attorney.
[snaps fingers]
Burke.
You're the one
that put him away.
You got a target on your back.
So you're thinking maybe
the explosion at the house
had something to do...
No. the explosion
was an accident.
We were just struck
by the synchronicity
of you working with Eva.
Well. I uh. I wish
I could help you.
But I haven't spoken to Eva
since I retired from L&B.
and that was well over
a year ago.
All right.
Thank you. Mr. Breyer.
-You're more than welcome.
-Thank you.
Amy. what did you think?
Well. I mean. Bill did seem
genuinely upset
about Terry's death. you know.
Clearly wants to help the Goffs.
just like he did the night
where he called 911
after the explosion.
but if that has any ties
to Lewandowski. I don't know.
See after last night
and this being a bust.
I don't know.
Maybe we're all wrong about
The Wolfman coming after me.
I hear you. but playing
devil's advocate.
Lewandowski's had over a year
to plot his revenge.
which won't be simple
because nothing with him is.
So I'm going to stay a couple
days. if I may.
Yeah. of course.
[phone rings]
Mm. it's one of the Ellis twins.
hang on.
Poor couple.
They lose their son
and now this.
Hey.
It looks like they're both
good to talk.
You coming?
Oh. I wish I could.
I've just got to interview
some candidates
for the Dean of Students
position.
so I'll talk to you guys later.
Okay.
Bye Amy.
Bye.
Oh wow. thank you.
Don't act surprised.
Amy. hey.
Hey.
Listen. I wanted to talk to you
about the twin brothers
who have condos
in your building.
Do you know them?
David and Darren Ellis?
Yeah. why?
You remember the house
I told you that blew up?
Right.
Well. they used to own it
and we found a dead body
hidden in the wall.
What?
I know. I know. it's crazy.
So. I mean. do you think that
they would be capable of murder?
[laughs]
The only people they would be
capable of murdering
would be each other.
In all seriousness. they're...
they're good guys.
I know them well.
I feed Darren's fish when
he's gone. water David's plants.
but they cannot stand
each other.
They haven't spoken in years.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Okay. Well listen.
I have candidate interviews.
I've got to go.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Good luck.
[knocking at door]
Hi. come on in.
How are you?
I'm well.
I'm glad to finally be
interviewing someone in person.
I've been on Zoom calls
for the past three hours.
[sighs]
So. here we are.
Here we are.
You applied for the Dean
of Students position.
I did. But I gotta
tell you that. uh...
Joe got offered a job to run
the IT department
at Oxford University.
and he asked me to go
with him.
What? All the way to England?
I know. I... I've got some
sabbatical time saved up.
so I thought...
But not if you're the new
Dean of Students.
Are you withdrawing?
No.
I want this job. and I'm the
right candidate for this job.
No one knows these students
or the mission of Elmstead
like I do.
It's just... you know.
Work. relationships.
It's never an easy balance.
No.
Speaking of which. I heard
about your detective friend.
what happened. him being
in the hospital?
He's fine. he's fine.
but thank you for asking.
Good. Joe knows her.
Knows who?
The woman whose house
had the explosion?
Oh. Rita Goff.
Yeah. yeah. he's done
some guest lecturing
for her class
in Garrison High.
Wait a minute. Joe's lectured
in a chemistry class?
No. no. She teaches
computer science.
♪
Amy. what?
That explosion
wasn't an accident.
Man: I'm sorry. that's all
the information I have.
Great. you have been
a great help.
Thank you so much.
And someone else may be
reaching out. Okay?
Happy to help.
-All right.
-Bye.
Thank you.
[phone rings]
Hi. Amy.
You're on speaker.
We're just leaving
the Ellis brothers.
Wait a minute. You spoke
to them together?
No. no. They wouldn't have that.
No. but here's something
interesting.
Judy Ellis can't be the body
in the wall.
She was an amputee.
Hmm. Well. that's conclusive.
You know. but just because
it's not her
doesn't mean that the twins
are innocent.
In fact. there could be
potentially dozens of suspects.
They rented their house every
ski season and went to Florida.
So. depending on when the body
went in the wall...
Yeah. exactly. It could be any
one of their renters.
Do they have any records?
They do. um. but here's
the thing.
It's in a. they're
in a storage facility.
and they have this lock
that takes two keys to open.
And let me guess.
Each one of the twins have a key
and they won't be in the same
room at the same time.
Bingo.
So now I got to go convince
a judge
to get a court order to compel
them into the same room.
You know. maybe Bud can help.
Why Bud?
-Who's Bud?
-Teaching assistant.
He's friendly with both of them.
Couldn't hurt to ask.
But before we do that. I know
why the Goff's house blew up.
The mercury fulminate.
Well. no. sorry.
Let me rephrase that.
I know the motive as to why
the Goff's house blew up.
And it has something to do
with the time of their accident.
Do you want to know
what I know?
Hi Rita. hey Mel.
Thank you guys so much
for coming in.
No problem.
So. I just have a few more
questions I need to ask you
before the fire marshal
submits his report
to the insurance company
and you guys get your check.
Sounds terrific.
What did you want to ask?
Well. the one question
I want to start with is.
I'm just curious. why didn't you
sell your house to Bill Breyer?
Well. you know.
just sentimental value.
Yeah.
Are you sure it wasn't because
you took a second mortgage
out on the house to pay
for your son's treatments?
How did you get this?
That's... our bank statement.
Yeah. No. I got a warrant
for that.
See. and what this tells me
is you guys are behind
on your payments.
If you accepted
Bill Breyer's offer.
that check. that would've
gone straight to the bank.
But if you blow up
half your house.
well then you get this huge
insurance payout.
and then all your financial
troubles are solved.
That's ridiculous.
As ridiculous as
a computer science teacher
buying chemicals?
Yeah.
Rita. Mel. You are not criminals
by nature.
If you were experienced
criminals.
you would've noticed that
there was a security camera
in the parking lot
at Chez Jacques.
Let me show you something.
Look at that.
That's you guys getting
into your car at 6:20.
I'm going to scrub ahead
and play you waiting patiently
for that car to cross behind you
so that you can bump into it.
Now there's the fender bender
that conveniently kept you away
from the house. while the stove
that you packed with pellets
exploded in front of the mercury
fulminate that you planted.
Guys. you are very lucky
that all I walked away with
was a concussion.
You are extremely lucky
that the fire department
showed up in time to save
other people's homes.
All of this can be explained.
Yeah. no. I know. Mel.
I just explained it.
[tearfully]
We...
Detective. we never meant
for anyone to get hurt.
We lost our son and we didn't
want to lose our home.
I'm sorry.
We're charging you with arson.
fraud. and conspiracy.
He's good at what he does.
But he wouldn't be arresting
them if it weren't for you.
I'm glad you all could come
for a home-cooked meal.
[water running]
All right. I got dirty plates.
All right. Thanks.
So uh. would you mind a rather
impertinent question?
Well. I don't know.
Ask me and I'll tell you.
What happened then that ended
things between you and Kate?
Ah.
Huh.
All right. first off I forgive
you for the question.
[laughs]
Thank you.
So you going to satisfy
my curiosity?
I mean here. listen.
[laughs]
The truth is. I figured I was
going to be an eternal bachelor.
One day we made...
we're on a...
a joint task force together.
okay?
And the day that the case
ended. I proposed.
The very next day.
we're standing in front of
the Justice of the Peace.
[laughs]
That's a whirlwind.
Yeah. I know.
that's one word for it.
Impulsive. that's another.
We had one very good year
followed by four
very rough ones.
So.
You might imagine my impertinent
follow-up question.
[laughs]
Do I think I might ever try
marriage again?
Mm.
♪
Yeah. I mean. it's something
I've been thinking about...
a lot.
Good.
Not that I'm shocked.
But your dad is a terrific guy.
Yeah. he's pretty awesome.
I'm a little biased.
He taught me half
of what I know.
What about the other half?
My mom.
Yeah. she was an
incredible woman.
It's funny how most people
think I went into education
because of my father.
But nope. it was because
of my mother.
Hmm.
She taught third grade
her whole life.
She even taught my class.
Really?
Yeah.
She was a great teacher.
We lost her going on
two years ago.
Oh. I'm... Amy. I'm sorry.
No. it's okay.
Thank you though.
Yeah.
I miss her every single day.
What about you?
Your parents.
Hmm.
They are not winning any parent
of the year awards.
My dad was an accountant
who got caught for embezzling.
Are you serious?
Mm-hmm.
And he left my mom three times.
Not counting his prison stint.
Ohhhh.
Yeah.
She took him back every time.
Wow.
I gotta give it to the old
man though.
If it weren't for
his lawlessness.
I would not have ended up
in this profession.
[phone buzzes]
Oh. excuse me.
Sure.
[sighs]
It's my TA. Bud.
He actually managed to get
the Ellis brothers
to agree to meet Travis tomorrow
at the storage facility.
They're going to open it up.
Go Bud.
Yeah. right?
[laughs]
Uh...
You know. uh...
speaking of Travis.
I just wanted to say that
I appreciate what you said
this morning about wanting
his happiness.
I meant what I said. and what
I said about the two of you.
I know we just met. but my life
depends on me making
accurate. quick decisions
about people.
I've done a lot of profiling.
Travis and I. we are
way too similar.
He needs what every good
relationship needs.
Balance.
♪
Bud. can you tell Darren
to stop crowding me?
Bud. can you tell David
Guys. stop crowding each other.
I really appreciate you guys
doing this.
Thank you.
I was always happy to help.
So was I.
-All yours.
[sighs]
Okay. um. again.
thank you gentlemen.
I appreciate it.
Uh...
[exhales]
I think this is going to take
me a little while. so uh...
Honestly. I don't even know if
there's anything useful in here.
I was just going to say that.
Uh guys. why don't we go get
a cup of coffee at Holly's?
My treat.
I...
Sounds good.
Yeah?
Definitely. Sounds great.
Terrific.
Detective. let us know when
we can come back and lock up.
That's a great idea. Bud.
Thank you.
And thank you. gentlemen.
♪
[phone rings]
Hey.
I was just going to call you.
Any luck?
Um. a little bit more than luck.
So I've got a death certificate
for Judy Ellis that proves
that she died in Sarasota.
Florida.
I've got a body release form
that's signed by both
Darren and David.
Mm.
So the twins are in the clear?
But get this. Amy.
You're not going to believe who
rented that house 16 years ago.
]
Hello again.
Mr. Breyer.
We'd like to talk to you about
the Goffs and their house.
Do you have a minute?
Please.
Thanks.
I'm shocked that... if only...
Mel and Rita had told me more
about their situation.
I would happily have offered
more for the house.
Oh. wow.
Really wanted
that house. huh?
I wanted to help them.
Of course you did.
And I just meant
that you were selfless.
Yeah.
Yeah. that's pretty selfless.
Oh. oh. and I talked
to Eva Bianco from L&B.
And she confirmed that you guys
knew each other.
And that you haven't had any
contact since you left Chicago.
As I told you.
She said that she knew
your ex-wife?
Sure. Right.
Deirdre was a paralegal at L&B
before we divorced.
She went to Italy after that.
When was that?
Uh. 16 years ago?
Sixteen years ago.
Sixteen years ago you also
rented a house from Judy Ellis.
That house right down
the street. right?
Sixteen years ago?
I'm sorry?
This is you. right?
It's your driver's license
from the State of Illinois
that you used to rent that house
for three weeks 16 years ago.
You remember.
and in the third week you filed
for divorce in Guam?
[laughs nervously]
That's... That's not illegal.
No. no. No. it's not.
But um. murder is.
Excuse me?
That's Deirdre Breyer.
Travis: That's your ex-wife.
We found her in the walls
of the house.
Cause of death?
Several blows to the front
of her head.
See. Eva. she told me that
your relationship with Deirdre
was a rough one.
That you guys fought a lot.
So. maybe. maybe
it's an accident.
Hmm. maybe just had enough of
her. you know?
Yeah.
But here's the thing.
what's he supposed to do?
Is he supposed to carry
the body out the front door?
Think of all the neighbors.
They'd see that.
There's too many people.
Yeah.
And there's no fence
in the backyard.
See. you can't bury the body
No. no. no.
You can't do that.
So you know what you do?
What?
Exactly what he did.
He mummified her.
Amy: Put her in the wall.
sealed it up.
You see. it's something else.
We did our homework. Bill.
Deirdre was an only child.
Her parents were long gone
before you rented that house.
You were her family.
Nobody to wonder why she hasn't
come back from Italy.
You know why? It's 'cause
she never went to Italy.
She was stuck in the wall
of that house.
Which by the way.
the Goffs bought. right?
Well. here's the thing.
You see. I just happen to know
the real estate agent
that sold the Goffs their house.
because he sold me mine.
Now lucky for you. he took off
to San Diego and retired.
Lucky for me. I got
ahold of him.
He said that the Ellis brothers.
when they put that house on
the market. you made an offer.
And then the Goffs came in
at the 11th hour
and they made
an all-cash offer.
They just stole it from you.
Travis: You retired a year ago.
You buy this beautiful house
because you want to get
that body out.
You went as far as
befriending Terry Goff
in hopes that you could somehow
get into that house.
But what you didn't know.
was how sick he was.
and how much his parents
cared for him.
So you never had
that opportunity.
They didn't leave.
They haven't taken a vacation
in over a year. Bill.
No.
No. when Terry died. you just.
you made 'em an offer that you
thought they couldn't refuse.
Oh yeah. but they had
other plans. right?
Well. which almost
worked out for them.
But that's what you were doing
the day that we saw you
trying to get into the house.
You were trying to get rid of
that terrible secret.
It's been a while since I heard
such conjecture
from some foolish investigators.
To be honest. I don't miss it.
You know. Bill.
Oh boy. it's not conjecture.
We matched Deirdre's
dental records.
It's still conjecture about me
having anything to do with it.
Oh.
Forensics. you know
what they found?
They found skin and blood
under her fingernails.
and I'm guessing
that's from where she tried
to fight you off.
You're under arrest. Bill.
As you know. counsellor. you
have the right to remain silent.
Which I hope. I hope
that you do.
Because your DNA is going
to do the talking.
♪
Here we are.
Uh. well. thank you
for the ride.
Thank you. Amy.
For helping me solve not one.
but two cases
in the house of synchronicity.
[laughs]
[sighs]
Both: Listen...
Listen. I want to...
No.
-Go ahead.
-Ladies first.
-No. you!
-Go. It's your turn.
-Please.
Okay. all right. I will start.
Um. what do I want to say?
How do I say this?
[phone rings]
Hold on a second.
I'm sorry.
Let me grab this real quick.
Hi.
[whispers] Uh. It's fine.
[whispers] Wait.
Hi Kate. Yeah.
[whispers] Bye.
Travis: Hi. Wait!
-Bye.
[knocking at door]
Amy?
Hey. come on in.
You know. you should get
in the habit of locking
that door behind you.
[laughs] I was
going to lock it.
Um. I just wanted to make sure I
get this book back to your dad.
Oh. Did you read it already?
Yeah. yeah. it was good.
I do prefer Atticus Keller.
Oh. well my Dad will love
to hear that.
Um. so what I was trying
to say back in the car.
It's been an interesting
few days. yeah?
-Yeah.
And seeing Kate again.
it made me feel. um...
[laughs]
It's not...
I'm not explaining myself
well here.
It's um...
[gunshot]
Woah.
Stay down. stay down.
You okay?
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Stay here.
Wha!
All right. Amy.
You almost got hit.
are you okay?
No. I'm fine.
I didn't get hit.
Yeah. hey. this is Travis Burke.
I'm at Amy Winslow's house.
There's been a shooting.
[police radio chatter]
357.
Well. I'm guessing
The Wolfman
didn't want to wait
for the next full moon.
Or he's deliberately altering
his pattern.
Where were you standing?
I was here.
I was right here.
Uh-uh. Way too close.
Our trap scheme is blown.
We need to get to get you
to the station
and put you in lockdown
right away.
We've got a caravan outside
ready to roll.
Good.
You can't stay here.
Okay. I'll go with you.
No Amy. I'm sorry.
I can't risk a civilian.
Okay. you know what.
why don't you pack a bag
and go to your Dad's. yeah?
Okay.
Maria. will you just help her?
We'll have an officer
drop you.
[thunder rolls]
Honey. I'm too stressed to cook.
I'm going to grab Thai at
that new place across town.
Okay.
Want to come?
[phone buzzing]
Uh. uh. uh. hold on Dad.
Just...
Hello?
Sure.
Uh. go ahead.
Okay.
I'm going to lock up.
Yeah. hi.
Sure. Sure.
I'm actually at my dad's.
It's 22 Locust Ridge.
Okay. All right. bye.
[doorbell rings]
Hey Joe. come on in.
Hey Amy.
You got five minutes so I can
show you how to set this up?
Absolutely.
How you doing?
Good.
So I was just getting ready
to fix a cup of coffee.
Do you want one?
Oh. I'd love one.
Are you serious?
You sure?
Okay. I'll call you back.
Maria?
I'm on with the state police.
You can hang up.
That was the FBI field office
in Minneapolis.
Jeffrey Lewandowski was shot
and killed two hours ago
in Saint Joe. Minnesota
by a farmer whose home
he was breaking into.
Two hours ago?
He's never been in Garrison?
Nope.
Then who took a shot at you?
Yeah.
All right. I'm coming
into Amy's kitchen.
She's standing where you are.
I'm here.
There's a book.
I was spinning it.
It fell to the ground and we
both bent down to pick it up.
and that's when the shot
was fired.
Oh no. they weren't aiming
at me.
Okay.
[phone buzzing]
So I heard Tabby told you
about my news.
Yeah. that's amazing.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
It's funny to think that she
might get her big promotion
and not be able to come
with me.
Oh. well you don't know that.
When you going to make
your decision on that?
I can't talk about that. Joe.
Well. I'm kidding.
I know you already did.
I'm sorry?
Tabitha Felton is the clear
choice for Dean of Students.
What?
Of course I changed that email
before it went out.
You ended up choosing
another candidate.
You weren't
installing protection
on my computer.
were you?
Were you?
What? Joe wha?
Joe. What is that?
Gunshots are too messy.
You were aiming at me.
It wasn't The Wolfman.
I couldn't have you denying
the email I doctored.
So wait a minute.
You would kill me to get Tabby
to go to Oxford with you?
I've been a lonely person
for a very. very long time.
Joe...
Don't make this difficult.
No. come on Joe...
[yells]
Ahhhhh!!!
[struggling grunts]
[rapid breathing]
♪
Hey Joe.
Amy!
I'm back here!
[out of breath]
How did you know?
We got word that The Wolfman
was killed in Minnesota.
I realized that you were
the target.
You were right.
I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.
Who... who is this guy?
[sighs heavily]
It's Joe Gearon.
He runs the IT department
at Elmstead.
Why is he. why is he trying
to kill you?
Because he's in love.
We have the suspect.
Please send back up.
♪
Okay.
You called him.
He asked to be called.
Hey.
Were you going to leave
without saying goodbye?
That was the plan.
You know I hate goodbyes.
Yeah well. say
"see you soon" then.
See you soon then.
[laughs]
Both of you. I hope.
I hope so.
Thank you.
And you. take care.
[whispers]
She's great.
Thank you.
Bye guys.
Bye.
[sighs]
[car engine starts]
So. You disappointed
you won't get to snap the cuffs
on The Wolfman?
No. I'm just glad
that it's all over.
I'm glad that you're okay.
Uh...
Do you want to come inside?
Yeah.
So how is Tabby?
Uh. well. I think she's still
in shock. you know.
But she's focusing on her new
position as Dean of Students.
It's been some week. right?
[laughs]
Some week?
Is that how you want to sum it
all up. Detective?
Well how would you summarize
it. Professor?
Well. I mean. think about it.
I mean just think about the
timing of everything. right?
The... the chemicals exploding.
the timing of Breyer's ski trip.
the book falling off
the counter.
The book.
You know. then we've got
Tabby and Joe
and their prospective job offer.
the timing of that.
It's just...
Yeah.
Textbook synchronicity.
Textbook. yeah.
And then there's us.
Our timing.
Mm.
Yeah. it's been a little...
-It's been a little off.
-Off.
Yeah.
How do you want to fix it?
I want to do this.
♪
[phone rings]
[groans]
Sorry.
You know I have to get it.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. you gotta get it.
[laughs]
Oh. it's your dad.
Your dad.
He's got killer timing.
Hey Dad.
What?
Okay.
No. no. no.
You stay home.
I'm going to leave now.
I'll come to you.
Okay.
Bye.
What happened?
What's wrong?
He just got off the phone
with the Ithaca Police.
My Uncle Alistar is missing.
♪